java c
Assessment   1: Job   interview
The main reason   why I am interested in this   job is that I can further improve my understanding   of   the   business   environment   in   Australia   through   this job.   By   understanding   the   policies   of   the financial sector and the changes   in the business environment caused   by   relevant   policies,   I can gradually apply the theories   I   have   learned   in class   to   practical   business   activities.
At the same time, this   job allows me to communicate with people from   different backgrounds   and   learn   about   their   business   activities,   which   enables   me   to   understand   the   impact   of   businesses with   different   backgrounds   on the   business   environment. Through this job,   I   can   also participate in the work of economic policy, financial market   and the impact of   population   on   business   environment, so that   I   can   have   a   deeper   understanding   of the   composition   of   business environment. I also hope   to gain practical experience in data analysis, policy research   and   project management.   I also hope that through my efforts,   I   can   play a   positive   role   in the   current social   business environment.
In short, this job   is   highly consistent with   my expected career   path.   I   can   learn   more   business   knowledge   in this job, which can   lay a more   profound foundation for   my   future   career   path.
Interview
Question   1
There are   many   reasons that   motivate   me to work   hard, such as the expectations   of   my parents, the desire to surpass the vast   majority of   people, the desire   to   achieve wealth   freedom, all of which are vulgar struggles to   improve social status,   and   the   most   important   reason   is to   learn   more   knowledge, to   better   understand the society, and to   make a   small contribution to the society in the future. This vision   keeps   me   learning. As for the   example,      once   my father asked   me to analyze the financial situation of   a   company.   After   my   first   attempt and drawing a conclusion,   I found   that there was   a   huge   gap   between   the   actual   situation and   my   prediction, which   made   me   realize that   I   lacked a   lot of   understanding   of      the entire   business environment and was   not clear   about   much   basic   knowledge. This   also      makes   me eager to add   relevant content, so that   I   can   better   cope   with similar   situations   in   the future. This   incident   made   me   realize that   business environment   is a   necessary   consideration for an enterprise, and also   made   me work 代 写Assessment 1: Job interviewC/C++
代做程序编程语言  harder   to   learn   relevant   knowledge.
Question   2
I experienced this   problem only   recently.   I was studying for an   IT   degree   at   Monash   university,   but   I found that   I was   really   not suitable for this   major and decided   not to   study IT anymore. At the   beginning of the   next semester (that   is, this   semester),   I   had   two   options:   start   my own   business with 20,000 Australian dollars, or transfer   to   another school   and   continue studying   in another   major. When considering these two options,   I   thought   a   lot   about them.   First,   if   I take the tuition fee to start a   business, there   is   a very small   probability      that   I can start a   business successfully, so as to   obtain a   lot   of   profits.   In   the same   way,   due         to the   lack of   professional   knowledge and   basic   understanding of the   business environment   of the whole society,   I   have a   high   probability of   failure,   resulting   in the   burning of the   20,000 Australian dollars and even the   indebtedness.   However,   if   I continue   to   study,   I   can   gain   more   professional   knowledge and   lay   a foundation for   my future   business   behavior.
Therefore,   I choose to continue studying, which   I think   is a   more stable   investment,   and   the   investment object   is   myself, and the   return   is very   clear.
Question 3In this regard,   I believe that the government's demand for talents majoring   in   economics   and   data   analysis   is   likely   to   increase   in   the   next   five   years.   Because   this   is   a   rapidly   developing   information age, the global business environment, as well as the economic policies   of various   countries   may   undergo   major   changes   at   any   time.   So   more   people with   relevant   expertise   are needed to cope with this    change. In addition, due to the continuous progress of   technology   and the   continuous   improvement   of   education   level,   more   people will   graduate   from   business, finance and other   majors   in the   next five years, which   will   also   lead   to   market   changes, such as   more   people will start   businesses. At the same time, the demand for talents   with financial knowledge will increase in the market, and the market supply of   relevant talents   may not immediately keep up with the growth of demand. Government departments will face   greater challenges   in attracting and   retaining top talent   and   may   need   to   change   policies   or   offer   more attractive conditions to address this   issue.




         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp
